Sherlock Holmes glanced sharply across at me with a slight shrug of his
Sherlock Holmes looked deeply chagrined. He drew a sovereign from his
“My name is Sherlock Holmes. It is my business to know what other
Sherlock Holmes hailed a four-wheeler which was passing. “In that case
measured tapping of Sherlock Holmes’ finger-tips upon the edge of the
during the last eight years studied the methods of my friend Sherlock
Sherlock Holmes standing, fully dressed, by the side of my bed. He was
“Good-morning, madam,” said Holmes cheerily. “My name is Sherlock
expression was weary and haggard. Sherlock Holmes ran her over with one
Sherlock Holmes had been leaning back in his chair with his eyes closed
“And what do you think of it all, Watson?” asked Sherlock Holmes,
It was nearly one o’clock when Sherlock Holmes returned from his
Sherlock Holmes and I had no difficulty in engaging a bedroom and
to learn of the case was told me by Sherlock Holmes as we travelled
Sherlock Holmes, for solution during the years of our intimacy, there
friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, before you go to the official police.”
Sherlock Holmes was, as I expected, lounging about his sitting-room in
extraordinary narrative. Then Sherlock Holmes pulled down from the
bound from Reading to the little Berkshire village. There were Sherlock
friend Sherlock Holmes had a considerable share in clearing the matter
level with his own,” said Sherlock Holmes, laughing. “I think that I
Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his chair and laughed heartily.
It was after five o’clock when Sherlock Holmes left me, but I had no
Just before nine o’clock Sherlock Holmes stepped briskly into the room.
Sherlock Holmes. “It is always a joy to meet an American, Mr. Moulton,
to the centre of the room. Sherlock Holmes pushed him down into the
Sherlock Holmes sat silent for some few minutes, with his brows knitted
Sherlock Holmes took it up and opened the bureau.
“There is one other thing you owe, Mr. Holder,” said Sherlock Holmes
“To the man who loves art for its own sake,” remarked Sherlock Holmes,
Sherlock Holmes had been silent all the morning, dipping continuously
him, but Sherlock Holmes sprang forward and confronted him.
