The Project Gutenberg eBook of The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes,
Title: The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
To Sherlock Holmes she is always _the_ woman. I have seldom heard him
Sherlock Holmes’ succinct description, but the locality appeared to be
“Good-night, Mister Sherlock Holmes.”
“You have really got it!” he cried, grasping Sherlock Holmes by either
“Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I believe?” said she.
“What!” Sherlock Holmes staggered back, white with chagrin and
superscribed to “Sherlock Holmes, Esq. To be left till called for.” My
    really an object of interest to the celebrated Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
    possess; and I remain, dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes,
Bohemia, and how the best plans of Mr. Sherlock Holmes were beaten by a
 I had called upon my friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, one day in the
Sherlock Holmes’ quick eye took in my occupation, and he shook his head
“Well, it is just as I have been telling you, Mr. Sherlock Holmes,”
“What is the name of this obliging youth?” asked Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock Holmes and I surveyed this curt announcement and the rueful
place where our red-headed client carried on his business. Sherlock
oppressed with a sense of my own stupidity in my dealings with Sherlock
“I think you will find,” said Sherlock Holmes, “that you will play for
Sherlock Holmes was not very communicative during the long drive and
Sherlock Holmes had sprung out and seized the intruder by the collar.
“My dear fellow,” said Sherlock Holmes as we sat on either side of the
pilot boat. Sherlock Holmes welcomed her with the easy courtesy for
“Why did you come away to consult me in such a hurry?” asked Sherlock
I had expected to see Sherlock Holmes impatient under this rambling and
Sherlock Holmes sat silent for a few minutes with his fingertips still
Sherlock Holmes clapped his hands softly together and chuckled.
the little mystery. I found Sherlock Holmes alone, however, half
brought in a telegram. It was from Sherlock Holmes and ran in this way:
are always so interested in Mr. Sherlock Holmes’ cases.”
valise, rattling away to Paddington Station. Sherlock Holmes was pacing
“Oh, Mr. Sherlock Holmes!” she cried, glancing from one to the other of
“I hope we may clear him, Miss Turner,” said Sherlock Holmes. “You may
opinion, and yet I had so much faith in Sherlock Holmes’ insight that I
It was late before Sherlock Holmes returned. He came back alone, for
Sherlock Holmes was transformed when he was hot upon such a scent as
Sherlock Holmes took a folded paper from his pocket and flattened it
the grace of God, goes Sherlock Holmes.’”
When I glance over my notes and records of the Sherlock Holmes cases
remembered, Sherlock Holmes was able, by winding up the dead man’s
child in the chimney. Sherlock Holmes sat moodily at one side of the
Sherlock Holmes was wrong in his conjecture, however, for there came a
“Tut! tut!” cried Sherlock Holmes. “You must act, man, or you are lost.
Sherlock Holmes sat for some time in silence, with his head sunk
Sherlock Holmes closed his eyes and placed his elbows upon the arms of
“Have you never—” said Sherlock Holmes, bending forward and sinking his
Sherlock Holmes was already at breakfast when I came down.
evening before I returned to Baker Street. Sherlock Holmes had not come
surprise, was none other than Sherlock Holmes. He made a slight motion
It was difficult to refuse any of Sherlock Holmes’ requests, for they
was walking down the street with Sherlock Holmes. For two streets he
While Sherlock Holmes had been detailing this singular series of
“Now, Mr. Sherlock Holmes,” said the lady as we entered a well-lit
Sherlock Holmes seemed to be embarrassed by the question. “Frankly,
Sherlock Holmes sprang out of his chair as if he had been galvanised.
my night of adventure. Sherlock Holmes was a man, however, who, when he
ourselves in Bow Street. Sherlock Holmes was well known to the force,
Sherlock Holmes sat down beside him on the couch and patted him kindly
I had called upon my friend Sherlock Holmes upon the second morning
“No, no. No crime,” said Sherlock Holmes, laughing. “Only one of those
Sherlock Holmes laughed. “Here is the foresight,” said he putting his
Sherlock Holmes had opened his mouth to reply, when the door flew open,
Sherlock Holmes sat up with a whistle. “By Jove, Peterson!” said he,
